Lauren Kelly: Hi, I'm so sorry. Um, I this morning's been crazy. Um, I just got an email from so I have slept like shit. Last night I woke up like 10 minutes before our appointment started
Lauren Kelly: Trying to get signed into my device. There's this thing that pops up that says like there's a update that I need to installed. You want to install now or overnight, and I always push overnight. I guess I pushed install right now. So then it stopped my whole device.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm like, you know, like, oh my god. Hurry up, hurry up. So, I'm so sorry for being late like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Lauren Kelly: I intention. I know you have a very tight schedule and I'm really sorry about that. Um, that was not my intention. I apologize for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, things happen. You got to know that. All right. And I'm good. I just checked in with these with virtual clinic and said, asked if you were
High
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Brazil clinic and they told me. Yeah, so I was waiting
Lauren Kelly: I am but it's like one thing when I was using. I used to be late everywhere I went like hours late. I used to like not show up. I used to be the most like
Lauren Kelly: Unreliable person. One of the things that's changed about me since I've been clean is I've been like on time for appointments and so because it's just like respecting the people in your life and
Lauren Kelly: So it actually really like makes me really upset when I'm late. And you know that used to be something I didn't care about. But now it's really important to me. And so I just, I just want you to know I don't take that lightly. I'm sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, don't worry about it and you got to know that you got to give, give yourself you know that lead way that things happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Things happen cars break down tires glow. The, you know, the internet doesn't want to focus function for us sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, give yourself that that leeway. You're always on time more and you're always here. So I know that if you're running late. Or if something's going on. I'm just going to wait for you.
Lauren Kelly: That's good. Yeah, I wouldn't ever like blow off our equipment that's
Lauren Kelly: Not something I would do. I've been looking forward to this actually for like a week. So it's not something I would miss you know Damien. So yeah, I'm really but um but yeah so I'm obviously there's some crap going on right now. Um, so last time I talked to you. Everything was great. Perfect.
Lauren Kelly: Meeting. Great. Um, so this one I really felt that this is army.
Lauren Kelly: So I did like the one thing
Lauren Kelly: I promised I wouldn't do and I ran, just like we talked about like that. I wouldn't do
Lauren Kelly: And we got it basically things that were in there than they've ever been.
Lauren Kelly: And so this was last Wednesday we are having this like amazing, amazing day like one of the best days ever
Lauren Kelly: He had come home from work. I think early and we were just having this amazing day and we were just like those so happy. And we were both just we were just like in our little apartment, but we were just like joking and having fun and just everything was amazing.
Lauren Kelly: And something that Paul likes to do that he thinks is funny. And I don't. Is he likes disparity. So like, he'll like jump out of somewhere like in our apartment small but he thinks it's kind of, and he's done this throughout our relationship.
Lauren Kelly: And I've always told him like, hey, I really don't like that it like it's not fun for a woman to have a man like jump out at her in the dark in an apartment. You know what I mean, like, it's not something
Lauren Kelly: That's just like Oh, ha. That was funny. Like for me, I literally can't breathe for like 20 minutes after and it scares the shit out of you know so
Lauren Kelly: I guess I in the past when he's done that to me. I've said, like I've said things from, like, one of these days. You're gonna get punched in the throw and like things like that and like
Lauren Kelly: I thought that I had let him know that I didn't like it, but I guess in his mind, it was just this playful, you know, silly thing or whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So Wednesday. So he had actually done it to me on like Monday night, and I told him like, hey, I really don't like that like he's don't do that. I really don't like that.
Lauren Kelly: And then again so Wednesday we're having this great day and I had gone to
Lauren Kelly: The bathroom and I came back and I was saying something. He was like, Oh, baby. You know what I forgot. And then he like,
Lauren Kelly: Was behind the door of her bedroom and he like jumped out at me and I'm just like, Oh my God, and it just freaking out and I finally
Lauren Kelly: told him, I said, like you got to understand that's like traumatic for me, like I've been like physically abused by men in my past like
Lauren Kelly: To have a man jumped out in the dark and and scare the shit out of me like it's traumatic for me it's not this Fun, playful thing like
Lauren Kelly: It scares the shit out of me and I can't come down for about an hour after you do that you know and and so I'm so upset over it and it just sucked because it was this great day.
Lauren Kelly: And it just, you know, turn so fast over something so stupid and and and so I'm trying to, like, calm down. And he's telling me you're making way too big of a deal out of this, you know, I was just trying to be playful and and so to me, I'm feeling like he's not like understanding
Lauren Kelly: You know, hearing me out and to him, I guess, like he later told me like I was just repeating myself and like he basically felt
Lauren Kelly: Like I was like, like, like I wouldn't accept and he was trying to say, Look, I didn't mean it like that. I didn't know it was this traumatic thing for you. Obviously, now that I know that I will never do that again.
Lauren Kelly: To me, I felt like he was kind of downplay my feelings and wasn't because he said at one point you had said something like, I thought, was just unbelievable thing like oh, don't do that. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: There's no way you can be like that doll. You've seen my reaction and literally told you I'm gonna punch you in the throat, one day, like the other day when you did. I asked you never do it again.
Lauren Kelly: Please don't downplay it, and act like it. Oh, I don't like it like you knew I really didn't like it.
Lauren Kelly: Maybe you didn't know to this level, but I kind of thought you would just respect my feelings. I didn't know I always had to explain some huge trauma behind something
Lauren Kelly: For you to respect it. I thought maybe you could just respect it, you know, and so he felt like I'm just like, attacking them and going in on him.
Lauren Kelly: And in my mind and I told him this later. I said, I think we were having two different conversations because in my mind I was just wanting you to understand
Lauren Kelly: And in your mind what you were hearing was me, just like not letting up on it and and that's something like my mom so me. I've done the past. She's my mom. So I'll be like, can you just repeat yourself like you're not saying anything new.
Lauren Kelly: And basically that's what he said and I didn't realize I was doing that, once you explain like hey, like I feel like you're just talking to me. I told you I didn't mean it that way. Like, you're not accepting that
Lauren Kelly: And once I realized like, Okay. Well, and that's when I said, look, I think we're having different conversations because i just wanted default understood
Lauren Kelly: And I didn't feel like that was happening. I definitely didn't mean to like attack you and just come at you and come hard on you like that, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And it was still. So then, so. Oh, yeah. So then I get up and I grabbed my, my, it was my just for today was either my just for today, or my workbook and I went outside to go like have a cigarette.
Lauren Kelly: And they made a point for him to see me grab my book because the other day I had done the same thing when I got dressed. I was. I'm like, let me just go outside, get some fresh air and read, you know, like these things and put things into perspective for usually, you know,
Lauren Kelly: So I thought I had made a point to make sure he didn't see me get my keys. He didn't see me get my purse. Like obviously I'm, I'm not going anywhere, far if I'm just having my book. You know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: And he said he didn't get that. Again, I thought I had been outside for like 15 minutes. He says, I was outside for an hour.
Lauren Kelly: So I guess the fact that I just have to walk outside. I didn't say hey by need a minute to calm down or anything, which again, like I totally agree. I should have said that that was rude.
Lauren Kelly: If, if he would have just got up and started out, I would have been pissed to like that's not right. So,
Lauren Kelly: So by the time I come back in and I finally and they told myself, I'm not going to go back in there till I calm down and I can talk to him, you know, the way I should um
Lauren Kelly: He was all even 10 times more worked up because now I've left for an hour and he doesn't know what the heck's going on.
Lauren Kelly: So I come back in and they start to just kind of make casual talk to them, like, hey, I read something to you and I have a problem with the whole like
Lauren Kelly: Higher Power thing we kind of struggle with that. And so there's something interesting. I'd read in the book that was talking about how
Lauren Kelly: Your higher power doesn't have to be God. It just means that like
Lauren Kelly: Obviously you tried to quit on your own. And that didn't work and you needed something more to help you quit and that could be your higher power and I thought that was like a really interesting way to look at that.
Lauren Kelly: And that's something I can actually get on board with because I know it took more than me to quit. You know, I knew it.
Lauren Kelly: Anymore and and so I was like, Hey, I just read something really interesting about the higher power thing I wanted to talk to you about. And he just like doesn't say anything.
Lauren Kelly: And so I'm like, Okay, you know, and so I say something else. And he just doesn't say at the end, it goes so like you're not talking to me now. He's like, I'm just listening.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm like okay well that's not how like we know, we know we don't really talk and engage you know and so then it just kind of started this whole thing over again.
Lauren Kelly: And I was trying. And so at this point, you know, I'm calm down and I'm trying to apologize to them and tell them, like, Look, I'm sorry. You know, it wasn't trying to make people attack.
Lauren Kelly: I wasn't, you know, I, I, you know, all these things. And then he saw, then you know he told me, Well, you know, that was messed up. You just slept for an hour and to tell me, and blah, blah, blah.
Lauren Kelly: So we're, we're trying to talk about. And at this point. He's so like stubborn and hard and about it and I'm doing everything I can to like try to like SOFTEN HIM AND like
Lauren Kelly: Like he's never like that hard and stuff like I've never actually had never seen that side Apollo ever before, this just like like
Lauren Kelly: Just wall up
Lauren Kelly: I don't want to talk to. And he kept saying, Look, I just want to go to bed. I just want to go to bed. And I'm like,
Lauren Kelly: Well, one thing we promised each other's that we would never go to bed angry, like we promised each other that much before we ever even moved in together. We probably
Lauren Kelly: Do that. So, like, now that we're here. Like, I don't want to go to bed angry, and they said, you really want to go to bed angry at one point, you said yes. And like turn off the light and like, put the blanket over his head.
Lauren Kelly: And I, I literally when he said that, like my instinct was run and I went and I grabbed my pillows.
Lauren Kelly: And I grabbed a couple of things that I was about to go the carny went into the kitchen and then I stopped myself and I like heard your voice in my head seemed like
Lauren Kelly: You can't run. You guys need to like, you know, when we had talked about on me back together about how like when there's conflict, we need to deal with it together and like a loving way.
Lauren Kelly: And I basically dropped myself and I went back in the room and I said, like if I didn't stop and try to fix this, like, face to face, I would be ignoring everything I've learned and worked on in therapy like
Lauren Kelly: We need to talk about this. And then we ended up talking about it and and basically I was bawling my eyes. And I was like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: The first thing we had to tackle with my with my, you know, being clear was like a whole dishonesty stuff. And now I feel like I have a really good grasp on that, like,
Lauren Kelly: Once I finally got to the point where I really realized, I can't be scared of like
Lauren Kelly: The reaction on the other end my truth is my truth is my truth and like that doesn't change because I'm scared. If you're going to break up with you or something, you know, they get like once I
Lauren Kelly: Got that in my head. I've had zero problems with this on this since like that was a huge reveling in it wasn't easy it to, you know, it took a month or two for us to get through that but like I got there.
Lauren Kelly: The next big thing I've been working on and that you and I have been talking about for last several weeks.
Lauren Kelly: Is how overwhelmed. I get and how I can't
Lauren Kelly: Kind of i can't i can't like package those different when I'm feeling like when all those things happen and I feel scared and overwhelmed and
Lauren Kelly: And and nervous and just all these different feelings like I can't, I can't compartmentalize those and say, okay, which is the overriding feeling I'm feeling right now.
Lauren Kelly: You know, how do I get through this, that sort of thing. But I just get so overwhelmed. Everything in me says run and that comes from like a childhood have been abused that comes from, like, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Relationships of being abused, that it's something I need to really break and it's something I've been working on. But I'm just not 100% there yet. Just like the dishonesty thing took a little bit of time it wasn't just a, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Night. Yeah. Um, so I was trying to explain to him like My fear is that
Lauren Kelly: You know, I'm going to ruin this just because I can't get my fucking emotions together and I can't help but think that normal 36 year old woman can deal with things like this so much better than I can't, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And, and, you know, and the way he was, you know, once I started crying. He kind of was like, you know, it kind of hugs me and kind of consoled me but like
Lauren Kelly: I know Paul better than anyone just like he knows me better than anyone and like in the past when he's consoled me over something
Lauren Kelly: And said things like, you know, maybe you have to realize how much you've done in 60 days like it's literally like lights up when he says, like, you gotta understand you've done so much. And this was a very flat like
Lauren Kelly: They're like, don't put all this pressure on yourself like you've done a lot in 60 days and it kind of was because
Lauren Kelly: You know, right before this, he was saying he wanted to go to bed angry, and he was just tired and he didn't want to deal with this.
Lauren Kelly: It was kind of the feeling I got was he just wanted me to stop crying, so he could go to bed. You know what I mean, it was very cold. Um,
Lauren Kelly: Again, Apollo. I've never seen before and it scared the shit out of me just thinking like
Lauren Kelly: And not on his part is here the shit out of me on my part thinking like, I turned him into this person like he wasn't this way before.
Lauren Kelly: And because I just couldn't let up on him. And because I couldn't just like get that. Yeah, he got it and didn't understand how traumatic for me was, or whatever. And we could just move forward like
Lauren Kelly: An A because I can't get all my fucking thoughts and feelings together like a normal fucking women can my age.
Lauren Kelly: You know, here I'm going to push them away and My fear is that, like, I'm going to lose them because they just can't get this and check in, because, you know, I still have these things.
Lauren Kelly: That I'm working through and I'm not you know there yet to be like the great me. I know I can be. But like I still have all these working pieces that I'm working on right now. You know, and
Lauren Kelly: And it just, you know, all night. I was just thinking like I just hated the person like I made him that night like it was just, and I just thought like, what if
Lauren Kelly: What if my emotions on all this, like the one thing, even when we went through like
Lauren Kelly: The physical stuff that happened even went through the lies. Even when we went through him, finding out about my drug addiction, even when we went through him leaving me multiple times for her.
Lauren Kelly: All of those times, we still had this like love in our hearts for each other. In this clip, the first time I just like saw this quote
Lauren Kelly: Like anger. And I thought, what if this is an isolated and I turned him into that completely like that's something I couldn't live with like knowing he had no love in his heart for me and like knowing you know like that. He became that person. So that was my fear of like
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to turn him in. You like he said that a long time ago that like, you know, I brought out the worst in him and and
Lauren Kelly: I'm like, you know, this is the first time I've really seen that I bring out the worst in him and like, this isn't
Lauren Kelly: You know, like, I don't want to have. So, and I'm begging to like work or something and they're just so hard, but like I made him this way, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And and so the whole night like we kind of cold, kind of, not in the morning. It's still felt kind of weird and cold and like, by the time he left. I just got so in my head. Like when he left work.
Lauren Kelly: I was so in my head of, like, just how this was all my fault and how
Lauren Kelly: I should have handled things so much better. I should have told him when I went out to go read my book. Hey babe, I just in a minute to do this like that would have a few things so much more
Lauren Kelly: You know I shouldn't have just gone made him feel attacked the way it did. There's so many things.
Lauren Kelly: That I should have done differently that would have stopped this situation like that. And it's that I didn't do
Lauren Kelly: And I got so in my head that I'm like, you know, I just need to go to my friend, Dan to else. Um, I don't know if I told you this, but like the friend. Damn, that I'm seeing what
Lauren Kelly: He's looking for places with his girlfriend right now. So there's like an end date when I can be here and I know in my head. I was thinking, thank God I saw like dance right now because I can still go there for a day or two. You know, you know, decompress
Lauren Kelly: And come back. So when I left, I took a lot of stuff with me but I made it a point to leave really important stuff so
Lauren Kelly: So Paul would know. You know, I wasn't like leaving. You know what I mean like I left like my safe that had my birth certificate and I'd left all my dad's things that are like more important to me than anything. My dad had just passed, you know,
Lauren Kelly: I left a lot of things. So he would know like that I wasn't leaving leaving um
Lauren Kelly: So in my mind. I figured, yeah. He'd get home and see some stuff around, but he would see, you know, I hadn't left left because they're so when back in the day when the first slide that Paul had ever caught me in and he said he, I told him I went somewhere.
Lauren Kelly: And
Lauren Kelly: He realized he knew because he got off work early and came home.
Lauren Kelly: He knew I hadn't gone there.
Lauren Kelly: So, but this was the lie that basically brought out my whole. Oh, I'm a drug addict thing, you know, because I couldn't explain to him. Why I had lied about this theme. And so then I had to say I'm a drug addict, which then brought into treatment.
Lauren Kelly: But when they had to happen. It was like two days before Christmas in December.
Lauren Kelly: And we had talked so he had come home and said, hey, I thought you said on the phone, you had gone out to do this thing and and I said,
Lauren Kelly: Oh yeah, I did. I kept going with the lie, and he knew I was lying, obviously, because I guess he had driven by the House like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. Right after I said I was there or something.
Lauren Kelly: And and then he even followed me up to my car to, like, help me put the dogs in the car and I guess he felt my hood, because he wanted to see if my hood was more of or not. Because then he'd know and it was like ice cold, so he knew I hadn't left that day.
Lauren Kelly: So I go to run an errand, and I come home and literally everything of his gone for the house everything and I literally fell to my knees like I remember just be so devastated and
Lauren Kelly: And I didn't know. And he blocked me on his phone and I didn't know what was going on. Like I was so you know, again, in my mind, even if you
Lauren Kelly: Thought you know copying this one. My. Why did he move out over it. I didn't understand and you know obviously he went back to the Danville house that day and
Lauren Kelly: Later.
Lauren Kelly: You know, we talked about it and I admitted to him, you know that I'd been lying to him pretty much our whole relationship and that I was
Lauren Kelly: You know when I would say I was going here and there. It was really me running to go, you know, do we do to make some money. So I could go get drugs or you know whatever it was that I was doing
Lauren Kelly: And then that was obviously a you know a huge problem. And he stayed in the house for, I think, a few weeks or something. While we worked out you know me getting help, and all of that.
Lauren Kelly: But I mean, so, so what I'm saying. So he had done this before. I know how it feels to come home to the house where someone's moved out and like oh my god what the fuck happened without them even telling you
Lauren Kelly: I took conscious steps like when I did this to not do that, like, so when he would come home. It wouldn't be every single item like that he would know she's coming back. There's all these things here.
Lauren Kelly: Obviously, in hindsight.
Lauren Kelly: I shouldn't have done that, like I should. It's something you would I've talked about is that I wouldn't run. And I was so good. The night before, where I had that instinct to run to go back in the room and say no, like,
Lauren Kelly: We need to talk about this you know and and that's something I never would have done before. I would have just ran. You know what I mean. And so the fact I did it right, the night before.
Lauren Kelly: And that there was a couple of times we had conflict like earlier in the week where I just handled them really well and he told me, like, wow, like
Lauren Kelly: You didn't just handle that kind of good. Like I'm impressed by how well you handle that and and how we were, you were able to get over that and
Lauren Kelly: So all week, I was able to get over these things.
Lauren Kelly: And do so well even up until that night about the specific conflict, but it was just the way it just remains so cold throughout the night and in the morning that
Lauren Kelly: Something me just felt like he needed space for me. And he, you know, and I knew you knew I'd be at Dan's. It's not like he didn't know where I'd be I knew he knew I would be here.
Lauren Kelly: I figured he would look around the apartment and no she's definitely coming back, you know, um, but, again, I didn't leave a no.
Lauren Kelly: Identity, but that in my mind in the past I've left notes and like, Look, I'm not coming back for a while. Again me not leaving a note was using, like, look, I'm coming back, you know, that was message. I thought it was sending
Lauren Kelly: Um, I never told him, hey, I need a day or two a space or anything like that. I left and I just turned off my phone because I just needed to just think
Lauren Kelly: Think and just get away from the situation because I was, I was just so overwhelmed. The only instinct in my body was to go just to get out of there, which again, like I wish I would have realized in the moment how wrong that instinct is, you know, so then I leave, I come here.
Lauren Kelly: And I turn on my phone at like two o'clock, who's so all that was like
Lauren Kelly: I so I left there around like 11 or 12 so my phone was only like two hours and I there's some text in my phone saying. I'm saying basically
Lauren Kelly: You know, hey, what's going on. They tried to call you. It's going to voicemail. I don't know what's going on. You're scaring me. I'm worried what's going on.
Lauren Kelly: And that was it. So, and again, I didn't respond. I was still so just overwhelmed.
Lauren Kelly: So I guess he then rushes to the apartment after I'm not answering rushes to the apartment, not knowing what's going on and he's sure I'm going to be there and he sees my card on
Lauren Kelly: And his heart drops and then he goes into department and sees what he believes is me moved out.
Lauren Kelly: And he just said he was just fucking annihilated and just crushed by that he thought that there was he saw it as like banality like I had just and in his mind, he thought, yeah, I know we had this fight last night, but like
Lauren Kelly: It wasn't that big of a thing. And he thought by me. He thought I blocked him on my phone. We've had this conversation that password. Like if you turn off your phone.
Lauren Kelly: And you turn it back on it, we have iPhones, it'll show up as delivered. But if you block someone, it won't show up that way.
Lauren Kelly: So he thought he had misunderstood. That whole thing. And he thought, even though. Again, I made sure not to block. And so he would know that in his mind. He thought all worked up thinking I blocked him moved out.
Lauren Kelly: Did all this. So in his mind. There's all this analogy to it. I just ended things with him for good. I don't want to be with them anymore. I left.
Lauren Kelly: So then he comes home sees all my stuff on. And then he thinks that because he had told me earlier that day he was going to be our son.
Lauren Kelly: And his soccer thing to like 730 that night. So he's thinking, oh, Lauren think she has so 730 she's probably just on her first trip and she's coming to get the rest of this stuff, you know, so he
Lauren Kelly: He then goes and takes all of his stuff and goes back to the Danville house thinking I guess in his mind, will she doesn't want to be with you know I better move out.
Lauren Kelly: In my mind, and never in a million years would have done that because I don't know if you remember this. But before I moved back in like a week ago. He lived at the apartment or San Ramon apartment for the last two months so
Lauren Kelly: It never went through my head that he would build back to Danville, you know, like I thought, you know, he was living there. Yeah, and his excuse that was you know I
Lauren Kelly: Didn't want you to get Danny's I know there's like an and an end date to that and like that in like a month. There's an end date to that like you were okay with me being that dance for the last two months. And that didn't bother you.
Lauren Kelly: But one day that I met Dan, do you move out over you know like that didn't make sense to me. I didn't get it. Why would do that but
Lauren Kelly: At the same time, I guess, in his mind, he thought I was just there for the first load in that. Like if if I needed to move out. I was that
Lauren Kelly: He made me that uncomfortable or something.
Lauren Kelly: He thought that when I came back to the second load and saw his stuff gone I would be like, Okay, I guess I can stay here. Now, you know, and that and he said, You know I love you so much like
Lauren Kelly: I need you to be in like a safe good place. And if that meant me moving out. So you could have the apartment, then that's what I felt like I needed to do or something.
Lauren Kelly: And to me, it still doesn't make sense because
Lauren Kelly: Again he he had no problem with me being at Amy sells for two months. It's not like Dan is moving out this weekend that there's at least a month left to that and what she knows
Lauren Kelly: So, for I don't know I that that part. Still a little weird to be but but if that's how he felt. I don't know. I'm
Lauren Kelly: So I'm so then the next day comes up. Oh, and my new we had this funeral. We're supposed to go to on Saturday. That was like really important that he was there with me.
Lauren Kelly: So this was all so that was Wednesday. So then Thursday. I'm so Wednesday. I'm just trying to like think through our. Actually, I'm sorry. The fight was Wednesday movie night was Thursday.
Lauren Kelly: I'm just tried to get through that day and tried to like process. Make that today, new I'm going to call them. First thing. So at this point, I didn't know he had moved out the apartment.
Lauren Kelly: Because I had just brought a few things to dance, and I was just here.
Lauren Kelly: So on Friday, I knew I was going to call him Friday morning and and just say, like, Hey, I just want to make sure we're still going to the thing on Saturday, like we should get together and talk first
Lauren Kelly: And you know, I thought we both needed a little bit of space, but like I want to talk about this.
Lauren Kelly: So I get an email from him, basically, you know, saying,
Lauren Kelly: Everything that I just saw how devastated, he was when he got home how he moved back into the Danville apartment. Just to give me space. How he can't believe like you know how when he asked me to move back in
Lauren Kelly: A couple weeks ago, he thought, you know, that was the first day of the rest of our lives and that you know, that was the first day of him going to sleep and waking up next to, like,
Lauren Kelly: The women that he was gonna spend the rest of his life with the woman he was going to marry, like we had, like, since we had literally been talking about, like,
Lauren Kelly: Marriage like we were even talking about like we there was something I think I had got my period or something related to that, where
Lauren Kelly: Our joke is always oh so we're not having a baby like every time something like that comes up and they'll go, Oh, we're not having a baby. No, we're not having a baby. Um, so
Lauren Kelly: We had actually had like the conversation about how, if that ever happened. And if I ever
Lauren Kelly: Like most of women in my family have trouble getting pregnant, and I'm sorry if this is TMI, but like he and I have had unprotected sex for like eight months, like
Lauren Kelly: Five to 10 times a week, and I've never even had a scare. So like, I'm pretty convinced that, like, I can't get pregnant.
Lauren Kelly: But like that. So I'm not on any kind of birth control or anything. And we don't use anything so um so
Lauren Kelly: You know, obviously we're two adults, we know, like, you know, we know that what, there's a chance, you know, even though it doesn't seem like there's a chance. There's still like a chance, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And it was the first time we ever talked about how, like, if that happened. We actually would both be excited and we would both on it and like that's something like we would
Lauren Kelly: Be so excited to do together and stuff like so we were taking these huge like steps for it and and
Lauren Kelly: So he was saying like in his email, you know, we were even talking about like if we got pregnant and you know getting married and all these things.
Lauren Kelly: And so for you to just leave like that. Like it just broke me and he said, you know, like I promised myself that you know when you came back, I would never
Lauren Kelly: Like let you like break me the way like you've broken me before, and to see like that you were willing to do that again. You know, it just like I just like
Lauren Kelly: I don't think I can like let basically like his and thought of it is that like can't open his heart back up to me again because he can't ever let me like
Lauren Kelly: Just shatter his heart into a million pieces in and go, because obviously when we're apart we both go into these really dark messed up places and but like what I would argue to that is like he always said
Lauren Kelly: Like he always had a relationship was like
Lauren Kelly: The best relationship could be was like, you know, when he had with his wife, which he thought was like you know as good as it gets. But after me, to me, he realized that's like a three, you know, and that's just kind of like
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I love you, but he was never in love with her.
Lauren Kelly: So I would argue that, obviously, the person who had this really intense love with. There's also going to be a really big downside to it. You know what I mean, if you just have this kind of like, hey, we're okay kind of run through the middle kind of thing.
Lauren Kelly: You're never going to have those ups and downs but like obviously when there's really great love. There's also going to be really great pain, you know, they mean and like
Lauren Kelly: That's just, there's no way you can have the really great love and never have like it hurts. Sometimes, you know, in a meeting and
Lauren Kelly: And and but to him. It's like, I can't go through this again, kind of thing and
Lauren Kelly: So when I get this email on Friday morning. I'm just devastated because he's back to the gamble house, something he promised me. He would never do.
Lauren Kelly: And, you know, and that was not the result I wanted, I didn't want him to think I was ending things for everything that was never even in my head that I was anything I now get how
Lauren Kelly: You know him coming home and seeing things would come across and me, you know, not telling him not leaving a note, not you know saying, Hey, babe. I just need some space not vocalizing that to him. You know, I can just think of 100 mistakes I made in between the things I could have done differently.
Lauren Kelly: So I, I, I call him so he had sent me this email this long email on Friday. Just saying. You know how you move back there and
Lauren Kelly: You know, he wanted me to have apartment and blah, blah, blah. And so I pick up the phone, I call him right away. And I'm like, paid like
Lauren Kelly: You know that's not what I want. And I'm trying to explain things to him. And he basically is just, you know, very, you know, hold again and just tells me like you know you you
Lauren Kelly: crushed me. I've been shattered my heart like I can't believe you would have done that and you know I anything that we have been through, we should work through together and
Lauren Kelly: You know, and I said, You know, I'm so sorry I did such a good job about that all week long. And this one thing I fucked up on and I'm so sorry. But like, please hear me out and
Lauren Kelly: Um, and he didn't want to finally just said something like, Oh, I've got a call me to jump on. I've got to go or something because he was at work.
Lauren Kelly: So I get ready as fast as they can. So in the past. Paul would like chasing me down and he had done things wrong he would show up at the apartment, he would show up at the end.
Lauren Kelly: He would show up anywhere to like find me and like basically forced us to talk which would always end up having a really positive result because again, Lauren likes to run
Lauren Kelly: And I would run from things and he would basically you know know we need to talk about this and we would always really progress from that.
Lauren Kelly: So I'm in the past, like when the whole drug addiction thing him up. I remember him saying
Lauren Kelly: That it upset him that I didn't do that with him that I know where he works like I know where the Danville houses like why don't why didn't I do the same thing.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm like, Well, you know, I wouldn't walk into your work. You know, I would you know like I wouldn't show up at your Danville house. He's like, why, why wouldn't you
Lauren Kelly: So when this happened and I, you know, really wanted to work things out. I
Lauren Kelly: Thought really assess it couldn't. I went to his work and I know where he parked the car wasn't there. So I didn't even like go in to ask for him because I you know I knew he wasn't there.
Lauren Kelly: So then I texted him. I'm like, dude, I'm going to your Danville house like I'm going there and I'm going to wait there. And so I get there.
Lauren Kelly: And I wait there and he eventually pulls up with this kid and they go in for a second. And he comes back out to talk to me in
Lauren Kelly: And he's like, do you want to talk like is should we go somewhere to talk because obviously, we're not going to talk in front of his sample house and we're like, Okay, let's go back to the apartment.
Lauren Kelly: So we go back to the apartment to talk and like this is the first time I see it with all of his stuff gone, you know, and I'm
Lauren Kelly: Basically I'm just like bawling my eyes out telling him how sorry I am how like that was I was not
Lauren Kelly: Trying to end it forever. How I was not you know I shouldn't have ran and this confession, like my early recovery stuff and like
Lauren Kelly: I told him, you know, like, I'm not going to be perfect in their stuff. I'm still working on and you know I explained them, you know,
Lauren Kelly: It took me a couple months to get through the dishonesty stuff, but I'm as you saw, as you see, I killed that. And I'm doing amazing at that, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And we built so much trust in this next thing is me working on the opening overwhelmed and this isn't something new. This is something
Lauren Kelly: He and I have talked about in depth. That's something that my therapist and I talked about in depth and are working on.
Lauren Kelly: I'm just not 100% there yet and I now realize like how awful running was and how I shouldn't have done that nice and quick, for once, all
Lauren Kelly: I want us to work on something together and not apart. It's always like, Oh, we have to be apart for
Lauren Kelly: weeks or months to get through something I want us to work on this together and and he basically just said like, I'm not ready to do that. You just hurt me too much. And I just can't do that, whatever. So that was Friday I had the worst weekend ever and I still haven't eaten.
Lauren Kelly: You know and i four days or something. Now I've had a couple coffees that have, I guess, made me feel like I had something to my stomach, but like I just I can't eat. I can't see.
Lauren Kelly: I don't even want to admit this, because I've always said, with or without Paul, I'm going to be clean, but like I haven't wanted to use more than I wanted to use this weekend, like
Lauren Kelly: I literally thought because one of the bad parts about me being that dance houses. My dealers are there's literally like my number one dealers like four blocks away, you know, and then any of my other dealers are like 10 minutes off the freeway.
Lauren Kelly: And I thought about calling them and never got to the point where I even like took out my phone and pulled out their number and never even got that far but like
Lauren Kelly: I thought you know who's going to know if I use right now. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: Like I just because what became so attractive to me in that moment is I need to escape this because it just hurts so fucking bad and I
Lauren Kelly: Like I honestly when I look back on like using in the past like there were times I used to not feel myself because it was that dark of a time and like
Lauren Kelly: That was how I felt like the first couple days of. Like, I literally just want to fucking die and and I just need to, I cannot feel when I feel right now and like to survive another day. Like, I can't do it and
Lauren Kelly: And I want, I want to do us. I didn't, but it was more I've never had stronger cravings. I've never had stronger like internal desire to just want to pick up again and you, you know, and thank God like
Lauren Kelly: I worked through that, you know, but I mean it's it scared me. The how bad I wanted it, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I mean I'm again i'm proud. I didn't but i'm i mean i can't wait till I get to the day if I ever get to the day that when strong emotions happen something in my head doesn't say Escape, Escape, Escape. You know what I mean. And and drugs are the best way I know to do that, you know,
Lauren Kelly: And I'm so I had this awful week and
Lauren Kelly: And I just kept praying, like, you know, I just kept praying for you know the things I've learned to pray for and recovery for like
Lauren Kelly: The ability to see God's will and the ability for me to have the ability to carry it out, whatever that is. And like
Lauren Kelly: It's, you know, it's really hard because all I want to pray for is like that pole and I will get back together and that will be able to see how much I love him and how sorry I am and that I'd never make this mistake again because I would think about
Lauren Kelly: All the pain. I was in in this moment. And I know I would never run again like I did that time and and that I really pumped up, but sometimes you have to like fall to learn, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And that every other thing we've gone through in the past. I wouldn't take back because we were so much better because of it, you know. And because we work through those things. And I was just hoping and praying that this is one of those things.
Lauren Kelly: But then also knowing like I've learned in recovery. I can't just pray for like what I want, like I have to pay for, like, whatever God's will is or the universe or whatever, you know, and that
Lauren Kelly: That I can just be strong enough to like get through that without using and without being, you know, self destructive or self harming or any of these things and in um
Lauren Kelly: I just, I was just a fucking mess. I mean, I'm sure you could tell I group yesterday I was not well. Um, so yeah. It's been really fucking hard and we haven't spoken.
Lauren Kelly: Up this entire time right before I signed on with you. So again, I HAVEN'T BEEN SLEEPING WELL I finally fell asleep for like an hour. I woke up like 10 minutes before thing. I checked my email, and there was an email from him and
Lauren Kelly: So, this we haven't talked in for five days.
Lauren Kelly: So the email I got from him. And so when I do, I'm just on the edge of my seat right like every word. I'm just like, oh my god, oh my god, what's it gonna say because I'm figuring this email. It's going to tell me
Lauren Kelly: That he's decided he was right. With everything he said on Friday and that I've just heard him too bad, and he can't do this anymore.
Lauren Kelly: Or that he's willing to give another chance. So I'm just reading like oh my god oh my god
Lauren Kelly: So it says, Hi, Lauren, I'm sorry. I went dark. But I've had a lot of my mind. And if you big personal heavy things popped up. I wanted to reach out for a few reasons.
Lauren Kelly: When, when you've been on my mind nonstop. I never stopped thinking of you, too. I, I wanted to try and re explain why I was so upset and sad. And it wasn't just the isolated independent
Lauren Kelly: Independent incident. It's the combination of things. I've never loved anyone like I love you. The flip side of this is, I've never been so hurt because I've never cared so much with the triggering transgressions of the past.
Lauren Kelly: With the transgressions of the past. I got so low. I got so depressed. I got so dark.
Lauren Kelly: I struggled to take my wall down and to let you back in because I didn't ever want my heart to be broken into a million pieces again.
Lauren Kelly: When we spoke a couple weeks ago I had decided to take that leap of faith with you and us. I decided life without you wasn't worth living in that for it to work all walls needed to come down.
Lauren Kelly: I also knew internally that another question heartbreak would shatter me, but I wasn't too afraid of that because I didn't see any situation where my heart. We get stomped on
Lauren Kelly: When you move back in on Wednesday. To me, it was the first day of the rest of my life with the woman, I'd spend every day waking up to going to sleep with telling her, how much I loved her telling her, how beautiful she is
Lauren Kelly: And telling her how happy she makes me. I know I'm not perfect, Lauren. I know I make mistakes. But I'd never not want you in my life.
Lauren Kelly: I'm so sorry about Wednesday night. I'm sorry that I didn't adequately understand and hear you about being scared. I'm sorry for my part, and ruining that most amazing and positive day I'm sorry for the outward frustration that night it
Lauren Kelly: Frustration of that night and the continued slight tension. The next morning that written, I always wanted you there. I did not need space from you.
Lauren Kelly: I'm sorry you felt like you needed to run from our misunderstanding. More importantly, I'm sorry you felt you needed to do it in the way you did.
Lauren Kelly: As we've discussed, I thought you were leaving, we don't need to rehash this but needless to right I was fucking overwhelmingly annihilated. I couldn't believe you'd pressured me like that dot dot dot again.
Lauren Kelly: I really appreciate all the effort you made to apologize on Friday. It meant a lot. I've spent the last few days just reflecting and I always come to the same resolution.
Lauren Kelly: I love you, Lauren. I really, really love you. I will never love anyone else. There is no one else for me. I understand everything you're going through and I understand that growth and improvements, you're making. I want to work those
Lauren Kelly: I want to work through those with you, but I need to know. You'll never run from us. You'll never leave us
Lauren Kelly: I need to know that you know I'm not perfect and also need to improve upon my way of communicating and dealing with us. I need you to know that I always want you with me always
Lauren Kelly: In the current state of lockdown. He says he's locked down from work. So I guess like he is not like at the Danville house like he can't go to work. Yes. Work from home and stuff.
Lauren Kelly: And all I can think about all I can think about is all I want is to be locked down for the next few weeks with you. That sounds like having to me being in lockdown without you as miserable.
Lauren Kelly: I figure we have two options here. Lauren one move past this and start our lives together committed insecure.
Lauren Kelly: Or two, you tell me you want to work on yourself some more by yourself without me and wait until you feel like you're ready. We both need to acknowledge, we end up together.
Lauren Kelly: With this in mind, I'd say, let's stop wasting time. I want to work with you and make you better. And I want you to work with me and make me better. I don't want to waste any more time anyway. That's all for now, Lauren, I love you and I miss you. Yours always call
Lauren Kelly: Um, so obviously when I got that I was like bawling my eyes out because the whole time I was just waiting for him to in the email for him to say like, I can't do this anymore. That's kind of the tone. I thought it was headed toward so when
Lauren Kelly: In the end, when he said you know that he wants to work on things. And so I wrote him back quickly and said you know i i really want to talk to you, but I'm just talking to my my therapy session, like, you know, can we talk after
Lauren Kelly: And he said, like, Yeah. He said he's going back to the apartment tonight. Can I like, meet him there tonight to talk, whatever.
Lauren Kelly: So obviously, up until, like, five minutes before our call started this
Lauren Kelly: You know i i was i don't know i was completely like lost everything. Now, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Obviously that's 100 times would have wanted to hear. You know, that's what I was hoping for. There was things that I knew I was going to tell him when
Lauren Kelly: Like I don't like it stronger promise. Like I vowed to you, like, I will never run it and like I know for a fact like
Lauren Kelly: I there's no way I could ever had that run thing and get that feeling to run and not think about like this moment here and how much it hurts and how much
Lauren Kelly: I hate being apart from you and how miserable. I am and how like nothing is worth even having like a day, apart from you and that I will never do that again. And that I will always have, like, respect for you to tell you, Hey, I just need
Lauren Kelly: An hour to get some fresh air. I need to just think, you know, I just need to calm down.
Lauren Kelly: Like you know we have you know there's a front room in our apartment like as far as I can go to the front room or something that I need, you know, some space, but not to actually get in the car packages and leave like I will never do that again.
Lauren Kelly: And I will never let you down like that ever again. And I just, yeah. There's just a lot of things I want to say to them in person, but
Lauren Kelly: I just, I've been really hurting without him. And now, I mean, it feels like he's willing to move forward. But I don't know it's just on my head's kind of City right now because up until you know five minutes before I jumped on this call. I
Lauren Kelly: I was going to ask you how, how do I talk to them. How do I get him to talk to me again, how do I, what do I do to fix this.
Lauren Kelly: Which I mean, I still have those questions for you. But, um, but now. Yeah. So now I guess I can stop talking and just listen to what you have to say because I'm going so that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So a couple things that I want to point out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the first thing is you've got to get out of the what ifs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you get into that fear based fight or flight mode.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got to really work on your thought process of what if you know what we do is, especially in the first year of recovery. Everything is catastrophic right yeah every argument is so huge, because we think it's the end of the world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's it's really, it's not. But being able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Continue our way.
Lauren Kelly: Why does this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just our heads. It's just where it is what our addiction once more than anything. Lauren is for you to grab ahold of those cravings and those those triggers to us and Turkey back. It has one job. And that's the killer. Right.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It wants you back period. What a perfect opportunity in a time of stress for those thoughts to be creeping inside your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you to think about that because that's exactly what it is your addiction lives in your head. I'm not good enough. He doesn't want to be with me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why am I here I need space away. You know what I mean, all of those things happen when we are in high stress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When we feel and we fear that that everything that we love the most is going to be taken away from us and the best that the only thing we do is want to run so we don't have to be witness to what we feel we're losing
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The reality of it is, is that, first off, you're human.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are working progress, you're not always going to do everything perfect and that's okay. But you've got to get to that point to, you've got to get to that point to say, you know, I'm not perfect. And I'm going to do my best.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not to ever run again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I can't guarantee you that it won't happen because it's been a part of me for a long time. It's something I'm working on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's something I'm working through, we want to be. We want to promise them the world we want to tell them we're going to be the best partner ever we're never going to act in this way, again, we're never going to do these things. But the reality of it is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that you're human. And that you're learning how to change your behaviors and your thought process and it takes time and you're not going to always do it perfect ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And be okay with that. But really present that out to him and something else that I heard is that, and this is, you know, touching on the scaring thing I'm scaring you like that you should have only had to have told him once that you are uncomfortable with that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Between you and me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The next time that he does something okay that really brings back some of that stuff, stop in that moment and say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Please don't do that anymore because this is what it brings up for me very first time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't let it continue. Don't let it keep going.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The one time so that he understands the severity of it. What I really loved about the letter that he just sent you. Was that he's owning his part.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is new.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right. And so there's there's that huge positive I almost cried because it's like, that's exactly what you want you want him to to see things from both sides.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And own his part in it. That's what he did. He's right. He didn't respond. You know, right. You didn't respond. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't mean that you guys don't love each other and that you don't want to be together and that it's the end of everything, but that catastrophic thinking. And he did it to when he loaded his stuff up in the car.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was in both sides. It wasn't just someone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Communication is the key to everything. The key to everything. And again, your work in progress. Okay, you're not going to get it perfect every time and you're going to make mistakes and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's where maybe
Lauren Kelly: That's where I went wrong to learn. That's where I went wrong go because I'm supposed to
Lauren Kelly: The new Lauren should work through problems should confront them head on and I went back. That's what's so disappointing to me that
Lauren Kelly: It was like, you know, when I was dishonest after I'd been clean. How do you remember how disappointed in myself. I was, I cried for hours about that because it was like, how could I repeat the behavior from the past like I'm such a better person out how
Lauren Kelly: How am I still making these horrible decisions so
Lauren Kelly: It was so disappointing to me especially that the night before, like I thought of you and I thought of everything we've worked on in therapy and I went back in that room and said, No, we're going to talk about this and
Lauren Kelly: And we actually did like progress a little bit, you know, and it actually was better because I did that. So why
Lauren Kelly: After like I did that. And it was somewhat successful why in the morning, do I then revert back to this horrible, you know, running behavior that it was something I did when I use like why would I
Lauren Kelly: Why would I do something so disappointed when when I seen this actually works better for you to stay and confront things and to handle them head on.
Lauren Kelly: And to talk about these things into not run. And then in the morning, my reaction is to run like what's wrong with my head that I would do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it's the more comfortable road to take. You just started building that other road and inside your brain, literally, you just started that road inside your brain to sit in the uncomfortableness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of the stress of the communication between YouTube you've just started that so that road isn't even paved yet it's still a rocky road where the running road it's it's solid concrete you've been doing it for a long time.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In order to build that other road that new road of sitting there doing it sitting in the uncomfortableness city in the pain sitting in those thoughts in your head that says run and combating them with. I'm not going to run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: takes practice and practice. You have to keep working at it. So that's something you're going to get right. The first or second time and remind you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is strictly it is connected to trauma from your past. So unless you start building that road and you address that trauma from your past, you're always going to have that feeling come up to run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because you know that you're safe if you run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The safety mechanism. You're safe. If you run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not that the situation is is harmful in any way. But that is exactly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The road that's been built inside your brain. If I run. I'm going to be safe if I'm wrong, I can take care of this myself. I'll be all right. I won't be hurt. Everything's gonna be okay, right.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You think about that. It takes time. You're doing your work in progress, but you've got to give yourself more time than one time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To do what right you did it right for three or four times. So you've got this road. That's a rocky road that's that's being built right now inside your brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more that you do it, the more solid that road gets and that's what you'll do, but you've got to give yourself time and practice to be able to do it.
Lauren Kelly: But then I have the problems where, I think, is it fair for me to ask this other person. Like I feel like
Lauren Kelly: All this new recovery stuff like in the beginning of the dishonesty stuff. Now the over getting overwhelmed by my emotions and running stuff. Is it even easier for me to ask him to go through this with me because I feel like
Lauren Kelly: The, the prices for all of my my all of my bad decisions and all my learning curves like he's the one that has to run of that every time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it fair for you to have to deal with his character defects.
Lauren Kelly: I mean, he's not working on him, so he knows how to handle his emotions and things like he's not working through all these things like like
Lauren Kelly: A child that has to really learn how to deal with their emotions and all this because I'm new in recovery, where I numbed myself for almost 10 years. So now I'm new to all these emotions like he can work through them better. He wasn't gonna, I'm the one who ran like he I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ideal as in the past.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, but as a reminder that
Lauren Kelly: All the big issues that we're working through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and that's that's a misconception in your head. Yes, you, you are struggling from addiction and you are learning a different way to live.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't mean that you are worse off. It doesn't mean that you're a bad person. It doesn't mean that you are the so problem of the problem of this scenario.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't, you aren't and that's another way for your brain for your addiction to beat you up to say I'm probably on the problem I'm not good enough. Why would I even ask somebody to stand beside me what you've got to be telling yourself is I'm worth the fight.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're in a fight for your life right now you are worth the fight, and you were worth every moment that you have with him, you're worth worth it to be standing next to him not to be standing behind him, or in front of him. But, but really to be standing next to him. You are a worthy person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who is human.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why do I still make sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because, again, it's that bird that road inside your head. The more that you start doing things in recovery. The more that you start learning about yourself, the more you start healing from your past stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The more you start feeling that you're going to be okay. You're just in the very beginning of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And of course, you're not going to be okay. That's where the whole thing came fake it till you make it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you keep telling yourself that until you actually have a belief that you are you keep doing it. You keep saying yourself. I go to meetings because I'm worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm working with a therapist because I'm worth it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm worth being in this relationship and being your partner, but I'm human, and I'm going to make mistakes. I'm going to respond. Sometimes in ways that I don't mean to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to disconnect from communication in the right manner, not because I mean to, but because I'm human, and I make mistakes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period, you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's this whole piece where you think I feel that you think you have to be this perfect human being, all at once.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're a work in progress. Lauren and you're perfectly perfect in your process that's what you have to get that's where you have to get to that point of and something else is that you're not responsible
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For making him do say or do or say anything. You can't. You don't get the right to hold that that piece you're not that big and powerful.
Lauren Kelly: But if I hadn't done that he wouldn't have reacted that way if I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: hadn't had a choice. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He had a choice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He had a choice. Just like you had a choice of taking your stuff out or sitting there and sitting in the uncomfortableness until you could talk. He had a choice to do the same thing. So instead of doing something different. He did exactly what you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly what you did. That's the ironic part about it is that you both felt you needed both of you need a time away from each other. And so this is what you did, did for each other in reality.
Lauren Kelly: Well, he didn't. He said he didn't need that it wasn't till I left you want. He said he didn't need space away from me. He didn't need any of that it was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not you did, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And can I tell you that, again, I can't stress enough how important it is to communicate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you left had you just shot him a text and said, Listen, I'm going to be gone for 24 hours. I will be back so that we can talk. I'm still not okay over last night, I just need time to process. You know where I'm going to be at for 24 hours but you give them
Lauren Kelly: Why didn't I do that. That would have been amazing. Why didn't I do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you again your solid road is to run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's your solid road inside your brain right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It takes time. And whatever you do, don't promise him that you're going to do that. You're that you're going to do something when you have no guarantee that it's never going to happen again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell you that's what you start doing more and more is sitting there in the uncomfortableness and we're working through the stuff
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you got to give it to them, you know, you got to give it to him that way you have been doing it but you did it four or five times and then one time you did it wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So let's let's strap you up and beach for the one time that you did wrong and not focus on the times that you did it right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's focus on the times that you did it right and implement those those pieces. What were you telling yourself. You know what I mean that you have to do this. You have to sit here it's uncomfortable. It hurts my anxieties. Hi, I'm frustrated but I need to talk through this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah. You're not going to do it 100% right Lauren all the time, but you're doing an amazing job you're doing an amazing job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because of the one time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's like catastrophic thinking you know that one time you mess up, all of a sudden you're back at you know just to Ground Zero.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't put yourself back at ground zero put yourself back where you are because you're human. And you made a mistake. Your reaction wasn't what you wanted it to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get that now. So let's work a little bit harder on your reaction to things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's that it's really, it's that simple. And eventually, we'll get to a point. Hopefully that we can get you into some trauma therapy to deal with those points in your past that keep you in that fight or flight mode, you know that's that's you know really what we want to gear towards
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But right now, let's focus on that catastrophic thinking okay. And really when when you start thinking in those terms when you feel your brain going in those terms and saying, oh my god, this is it. Maybe you know he doesn't want to be with me, you know, maybe this is it catastrophic thinking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you've got to bring yourself back to saying, Listen, things aren't okay with us right in this moment. It doesn't mean tomorrow after he gets home from work and we communicate
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That things won't be. It means right now, things aren't okay with us. And you've got to be okay. That's when you should be hitting a meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, that's when you should be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Calling your server support and focusing inward on your recovery, because that's what helps keep away the triggers and the cravings and your disease from talking crap to you and telling you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that this isn't for you. And this is ending. And this is, you know, all bad it the negative thought process that goes on inside our heads. I believe has everything to do with our addiction, trying to get us back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, any, any thought process that tells us that using is a good idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That reminds you that your dealer is just a you know 20 a block away that that really gears you in that direction is your disease, talking to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In those times you should be getting on the phone calling us over support go into a meeting connecting with sober people and being able to get into your recovery in that moment, because whatever you feed grows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So if you're feeding your recovery. That's what's going to grow. But if you're if you're contemplating you you're thinking about those thoughts and those triggers and those cravings, they're going to grow.
You're right.
Lauren Kelly: Because that's all I did was internalized and just stay in normal weekend and just cry and not asleep and not eat and just internalize how I ruined everything. That's all I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I tried
Lauren Kelly: I tried to read them work a little bit in my workbook. I think I maybe did that for like one hour, but the rest of it was just, how could I have ruined this. How could I have fucked up so bad. HOW YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN, LIKE AN IDEA IF myself. I could like pull myself out of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And but ok so again, you're not going to do it. Perfect. Okay, every time. And that's the realness that you need to to to communicate with Paul
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that you are a work in progress and you are trying to do everything you know differently and you're going to fall short, because you are human, but the important part is that you get up and you go back, you get up and you go back, you know, city in the uncomfortableness of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The communication that needs to happen, you know, giving him space without without running out the door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, okay, he's not okay about what happened last night he needs to process that. That doesn't mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you have to attach yourself to that, it means that you focus in on your recovery it while he's going through his process. I bet you that night when he came home from work if you guys would have sat down and had a conversation. Odds are, it would have been resolved.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That catastrophic like
Lauren Kelly: I've seen
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you're again. You're early in recovery, you have catastrophic thinking going on. You still think you're the problem of everything and you're not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's a relationship takes two people.
Lauren Kelly: Right, yeah. But one person can be more problematic and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One person can be but also
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be. Think about it. You don't have control over him, you have control over you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, you can't. You have no control over his thoughts, feelings, or what he does, or his actions you have control over yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Only. So the next time that you guys get into a disagreement or, you know, something like this happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't leave the door handle your keys.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: just hand them your keys and say, I feel like running
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But this is what I'm going to do instead the complete opposite. It's called out opposite action and you hand him the keys and say, Please hold these for me right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because this is how I feel I'm uncomfortable. And this is when I feel like running. Yeah, and that's the first step. And then what happens is that he realizes, you are struggling and you are trying to do something different, you know. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Yeah, it does.
Lauren Kelly: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I've got my other person in the waiting room already
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you to work on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right work on not running YOURS. SORRY.
Lauren Kelly: For my knock their socks.
Lauren Kelly: It's okay. Um, I definitely will. And the catastrophic thinking that that's definitely that that makes a lot of sense to me and that's totally what I do. So I get it, you put that into terms, I can really understand. So I really appreciate that. Thank you for listening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Check yourself when you find yourself going into the end of everything, ask yourself, Am I sitting in cash.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wait a minute, this isn't the end of the world. You have to talk yourself out of it. This isn't the end of the world. This is just a moment, we're going to work through this. I'm going to be okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, you've got to talk yourself. It's a self talk in there. You've got to talk yourself out of that way of thinking this is just a moment. This is just one situation. We're going to get through this. Just like we have every other
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just going to take a little bit of time. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: You're absolutely. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it.
Lauren Kelly: Okay, I'll okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll be waiting to hear. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you. All right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you later.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thanks. Okay, bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey, oh my god. So much for waiting. I appreciate so much
Quentono W.E. Neal: You're welcome ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I had a crisis that I was trying to deal with in my previous session, and I, I appreciate that you didn't go anywhere. You just sat still,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I was trying to send them a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Message in the waiting room, but I couldn't figure out how to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, like I did it before, but because I had somebody in here with me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I couldn't just send a message to you. So thank you again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, how we
Quentono W.E. Neal: Doing this week. You're welcome. I'm doing good.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, good. Yeah, I'm doing good turn off this turn this down a little bit.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Part of the pulling of the birds squawking bird and then taking those samples of being processed, all the way to the end to see the result.
Quentono W.E. Neal: That one sample you bring back all
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What have you been doing this week.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, I just been chillin just kicking back on.
Quentono W.E. Neal: My hands are kind of hurting
Quentono W.E. Neal: From my drawing too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, just
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, wait for him to kind of like wait for the information to go down and then after he goes down, then Mr.
Quentono W.E. Neal: HELP MY MOTHER clean the bathroom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. What do you think of what's going on. You okay with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You in a safe place.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. Yeah. Actually, to be honest with you, I am
Quentono W.E. Neal: I am but um
Quentono W.E. Neal: But at the same time, I'd rather be with my family. It's going to get any worse.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where's your family.
Quentono W.E. Neal: In South Dakota.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what are you going to do
Quentono W.E. Neal: Um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: I don't know.
Quentono W.E. Neal: We'll see, we'll see what happens. We'll see if
Quentono W.E. Neal: We'll see if it gets worse or we'll see if it gets any better, but I'm pretty sure it'll start getting better somewhere around August or July. You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm pretty sure to start getting better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: August or July. It's a long feels like a long time away done it.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, yeah, it's probably going to only going to get better like like around, I'd say Brown was the the Ebola there. The bolo. How long did that take that took around like eight months off.
Quentono W.E. Neal: A year, about a year. So I didn't
Quentono W.E. Neal: Have a cure for it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that this is just an excuse me, it's a strain of the flu.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, do you smoke.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know we yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, just know that you're, you know, it makes you vulnerable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To this flu.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, smoking cigarettes, anything that has to do with the lungs.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And so you've just protect yourself. Wash your hands, you know, try to stay out of away from you know a lot of people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And try to keep your six, you know, a little bit of a distance from people, you know, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it's airborne but you just protect yourself like you would with any other virus or any other cold is going around and it's harder to go to any kind of self help meetings, I think most of them are closed down right now. And a lot of areas because of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: self protection.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know, yo.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have to remember that. And if you get sick. You know, you want to kind of include yourself in your bedroom, you know, away from your lady. So maybe she won't get it. You know what I mean, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a crazy scenario and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It definitely was people that are older people that you know younger babies with compromised immune systems.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh yeah, like like six months to a year.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah compromised right a baby is fresh right they have
Quentono W.E. Neal: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, and
Quentono W.E. Neal: They're not strong enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, and so it's just about guarding yourself and making sure that you're safe.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Marcia hand sanitizer. You know what I mean, like, kind of stuff.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay. On
Quentono W.E. Neal: Before I got clean. You know, I was dirty and was on the streets for a very long time you know and and I'm not gonna lie, was fun.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It was fun. I liked it, you know.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I had the good times and you know bonded with people you know from, you know what I mean, being honest, she's fighting and all that will not well.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I didn't even know my health was was starting to get better. Oh, I don't think he looks like it's bad, but from everything that I went through just now.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It was going down towards that way because first of all
Quentono W.E. Neal: I had hepatitis C, that's cured. Now I got I got I already got that cleared now labs came back.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Platelets and all enzymes are good. The enzymes are just right where it needs to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Quentono W.E. Neal: The Patriots are kind of
Quentono W.E. Neal: Think it's a kind of low kind of lower kind of, I can't remember, but that's the only thing that's wrong with it. So, and then we went. I went through again gastroenterology and then I got that one where they put
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They put out one day in the front. Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well,
Quentono W.E. Neal: They said I got a hemorrhoid and I got a
Quentono W.E. Neal: hernia small hernia in my belly button. That's why it stinks and
Quentono W.E. Neal: Then they said that my arm, my gallbladder it. The walls are kind of like Finn.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You were like, like a lot of ships been already done went through there, you know, I mean like he was trying to filter out before we went to the liver. So they said that, so they gave me the
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like three different medications to cure all that no
Quentono W.E. Neal: Awesome products and whatnot. So I'm like, Damn, that's, that's crazy like
Quentono W.E. Neal: How me being out there. I put my body through a lot of shit.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know, and most of it wasn't intentionally because of the lack of knowledge that I had
Quentono W.E. Neal: Which is health
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know and i and i didn't know that that was a really important part of your life and stuff like that and and
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like, I didn't even know like the dramatics and all that, like the bolo and shit like that. Like, like
Quentono W.E. Neal: I really didn't really pay attention to that because there's more in Africa and more down in Texas Southern and stuff like that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: But man, when this coronavirus started spreading when it first, when it first started in Italy, I already. I already knew.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I already knew already like when they, when they started writing in Hong Kong. Our Team USA watch pretty soon.
Quentono W.E. Neal: The leader is going to put something out stop that watch and with them. It's already know some different. It's not nuclear
Quentono W.E. Neal: If you'd like. They said in the end time. Just going to be bio to be hazard. You know, it's going to be like viruses acid, like, stuff like that, you know, gas, your bio.
Quentono W.E. Neal: So different gases, you know, I can remember what they what they call that they call that in Iraq. What was that called a biological warfare or yeah was yeah biological warfare and
Quentono W.E. Neal: I think that's what they're doing right now. You know, this is basically just a biological warfare.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know, and then plus, not only that you got I'm kind of looking at like population wise, too. So, you know, I mean, they want to try to, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Make the population decrease a little bit, probably, you know. Plus, you know, the climate to and the climate to, you know, that's a lot of stuff to worry about, you know, especially if you have kids do. Then you need to worry 10 times more like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like see
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like I have my daughter. Well, I don't have to worry about it because her mom's taking care of her.
You know, to me,
Quentono W.E. Neal: But you know what that pseudo making good on my behalf, because what am I doing know me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, right now, the best thing that you can do is protect yourself.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yo,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: guard yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, and be be present for you know for the people that that you love and care about, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can stay connected with your family through video. You know what I mean. Video conferencing video chatting. You know what I mean, checking on them, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, stay connected with the ones that you love right now. You know what I mean. Put your health and put you know your your loved ones first. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we don't know. This is the the the crazy part about it is we don't know what's next, we don't know what's going to happen. We've just got to kind of roll with the flow. But I can tell you that if we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If we allow everything outside ourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To consume our brain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, it can consume our anxiety raises you know our addiction takes hold, and we're saying, Well, if it's the end of the world, why I want to go out. Hi.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know what I mean. Yo, yo.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it's just about saying
Quentono W.E. Neal: And I'm not gonna lie that that yeah I'm sorry for interrupting, but that came to my mind. Yeah. A lot of times you know like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like I ain't gonna lie to you like there's there's a liquor store like like a block away from where I live, you know, just just right around the corner. It's just right. It's just on the corner, you know, off right off the block, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know, so that's kind of like something you know like, Damn, you know, well, I don't really think is going to be the end of the world I you know and and nobody knows who the end. And one of the way the world is. You know, only, only God knows where and the world is so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right. It is
Quentono W.E. Neal: Now, I mean, so that's kind of why we're about it, but a lady she weren't about a lot though she's wearing a lot a lot about it. So I kind of having a joint effort to, you know, help her clean up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that way. Yeah, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: To make her feel comfortable enough to where she's not worried you know i mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. Any there's a bigger piece to this to, like, if you go on the CDC website Center for Disease Control website.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They tell you ways to protect
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. They tell you ways to help lower your anxiety around it all because we can sit in front of Facebook. We can sit and watch the news all day. But that doesn't help anything that just drives that anxiety backup.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And then you don't get nothing done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, like,
Quentono W.E. Neal: You don't mean you don't get nothing done you just sit there watch TV and worry about what's going on in the world when it's not even affecting you yet. And then midnight.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Right hasn't even have is even effect. I mean, we got like 17 cases here in New Mexico, but at the same time, still, you know, no deaths know so that's actually a good thing. And like this morning, they said they were talking about like how like
Quentono W.E. Neal: They said that they there's 140 year old men was on his deathbed, and they give them a shot and
Quentono W.E. Neal: I think it's called resin beer or I can't remember the name, but something something with or something, I don't know, but um
Quentono W.E. Neal: They gave him that. And he's all I was even at the point where I was having problems breathing, where I couldn't breathe. And he goes, they gave me a shot of that and you go, that feel better. And I guess it was used to treat Ebola, but it didn't work. So they're using that on
Quentono W.E. Neal: The coronavirus patients and it's helping them it's giving them it's boosting up their immunity or something, you know. So that's kind of tripped out, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but they will find out
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, you know, and they input, but they won't find out if it does work. They still won't find out because they said it's going to take from
Quentono W.E. Neal: A year to 18 months to actually finally get a vaccine put out there if it's that one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He
Quentono W.E. Neal: Still going to take another 18 months for it to get pushed out to public no
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah. So yeah, we're
Quentono W.E. Neal: Assessing yo FDA and all that stuff.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, so, so we're to be honest with you. We're, we're probably in for the long run, have these for a good 18 months. So we're probably gonna have to go through this flu season and then next just flu season and then
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm pretty sure. Yeah, I mean, just like like I kind of like look up just different stuff, you know, sometimes I look up stuff like on Sasquatch is and you know and and i look I look up to, because like it's ask questions to get caught. They would already caught him eventually are
Quentono W.E. Neal: Apparently, apparently he's a spirit he can catch him. You know, I mean,
Quentono W.E. Neal: You travel he travels in different tunnels and rocks and different dimensions and stuff, you know, that's like, you know, like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like, that's the native the native protector, you know and and you know what I mean, and people want to hurt them for for game and and just for their own selfish, you know, for the bragging points. And that's the trip. No.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And yes, I was watching. I was watching that like on iPhone X sasquatch and like the real story and stuff like that from a car. They're not called Eskimos are called Inuits from Alaska.
Quentono W.E. Neal: New by the Canadian border. Yeah, and it's just it's just so cool to learn about different tribes like that.
Quentono W.E. Neal: But um what I tripped out about like how like Hawaii like Alaska. How like all their art. The art like the drawing.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Why is always with the black ink. That's what I mean. I like it good design to travel all that. But it's all black. I mean, black What shade.
Quentono W.E. Neal: There's no picture. Nothing is, but it's all designed to know what they all mean all those designs. I mean certain things. But that's, I think, like, is it because you know they live by water. And that's just the lines of the water or you know what I mean, I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those are good questions to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do. Yeah, those are good questions to put out there and try to find the answers for you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is a lot better to consume your mind with then you know what's a block away and end of times, because this is just a moment in time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And really, you know, finding interesting things in and researching them and keeping your mind occupied outside of using outside of you know this this chaotic craziness that's going on but really focusing on those things.
Quentono W.E. Neal: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why not learn everything that you can learn if you have, you know, the moments in the day. Right now, why not read a book. Oh, why not you know what I mean, do these things and learn about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Different cultures and different tribes and different. You know what I mean, our history. Yeah, Sasquatch I mean those are things that you know definitely are more interesting right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Versus this pandemic and how many people are standing in line to wait to get the grocery store, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And allowing your addiction to creep in and give you those thoughts that the grocery stores have walk away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: And they're all empty.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and
Quentono W.E. Neal: They're all
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I'm glad that you're, you know, doing those things. I'm glad that you're researching things and finding different interests to be able to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Consume your mind a little bit with you know it's important you know, watching. Give yourself a little bit of time if you watch the news only watch a little bit of it and then let it go for the rest of the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean. Then do do on a daily basis. Don't find yourself consumed to the TV or the internet about this pandemic, because it's all it does is raise that anxiety.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And allow your diction to creep in and throw your thoughts like it was, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Focus on your on your drawing. You know, learn everything you can about it. You know what I mean, those things are was important because later on when you start selling your artwork that's what's going to make you money.
No.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Right, so I think
Quentono W.E. Neal: For the future. Yep. And then not only that but like i think that like even though all this is going on. I still think people will be interested in like artwork or like crafts, or like
Quentono W.E. Neal: necklaces, you know, stuff that like native grass and stuff like that, you know, something that they'd be interested in, like, I got, I got a homely
Quentono W.E. Neal: That's in Arizona in Phoenix, and he's saying hey you know when, when are you going to get down upon you know I want to see. I want to see it.
Quentono W.E. Neal: And haven't got her sit down yet. But you know, I showed him. He's always just the same as it was last time you will you said let me see. I'm showing it to you.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm not lying to use it. Oh, yeah. After that my grandma's house and what I gotta go pick it up. I got you here when next time you call know so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We gave them the truth.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, going to tell you straight up. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know, I want you to think about throughout history when things have have happened. Big huge things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Route
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: History. Oh, what are some of the things that were most valuable were aren't we artwork.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The most valuable was artwork like even you go back to the days of Hitler. He was like hoarding artwork. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From him he was taking it from the Jewish people and he was hiding it all because it was so beautiful, so valuable and that's what's the most important thing when we go through these you know these things in in our history is the artwork.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it tells of times, it tells of times in the past, it shows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who we are what type of people were, you know, we're living in this century, so to speak. You know what I mean. But the artwork is expressive and beautiful and it is valuable. So keep doing don't stop doing what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep it up. I can't wait till you sell your first piece.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I know, I know. And like, like I got like a lot of projects I gotta do that ahead of me. But as soon as I get caught up on them, then I'll be able to. Because what I want to start doing his own and start doing all t shirt screen printing
Quentono W.E. Neal: Night, I wanna, I wanna, I want to do like clothing then own and start selling clothes that hoodies hoodies gloves beanies, the whole thing scheme and stuff like that, you know, I kind of want after selling stuff like that shoes. I kind of want to market into shoes and know like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like now that I know the like to get down and dirty part. Now I got an older the business part of it. Now the business aspect, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, like nonprofit organization or two people go shipping on one in one business, you know, stuff like that, or you know what I mean, different business types are you get alone. You pay it back. You know, stuff like that. So I just got to get educated on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you will
All right.
You will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If this is really where your passion is and what you want to do. I just, I have this this faith that you have the capability and ability to acquire what you need to in order to be successful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've just got to believe that piece to within you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No matter what you don't give up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You keep pushing forward because this is this is important. You know, this is things that your that your daughter and your granddaughter grandchildren. These are things that they're you could pass on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For centuries.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you think about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is what you think about your grandchildren. You know what I mean, it's like, look at this is what my granddad did look at this, what my grandfather did look how talented, he was. You know what I mean, that's what matters.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The rest of the shit is just dump stuff. You know what I mean, it's going to be the world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He whatever it's gonna be it's, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So everything is good with you and your partner, you're going to help her clean and
Quentono W.E. Neal: Uh huh. Oh.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, we already started on it. We just have like just little bits doing a room that's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good. Yeah, just wash your hands use you know that sanitizer. You know what I mean, just be cautious. You know, like you would if if the flu was it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like you would have the flu was going around, you know,
Quentono W.E. Neal: You don't want to catch them. You don't want to bug.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why I'm not even going to ask you if you were able to to check out that place because
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh yeah I
Quentono W.E. Neal: Know, I probably I probably won't even go there for like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For a while,
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah, yeah. For a while I'm probably not going to go into like anywhere or like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like any like gyms or anything like that. Like community centers or like anything that has to do with like gyms are sweating and stuff like that like
Quentono W.E. Neal: Crowds up back because they yep crowds of people. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've just got to keep your mind occupied while you know you're in this in this seclusion and don't have the ability to connect with other people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep you know identify when your addiction is telling you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Reminding you where the little store is down the road. You know what I mean. You got to combat that, because you know what you're doing and where you're at.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've got a whole life to live. You know, you know that you've got to be present for and if you were to go that route again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean with the things physically that have been you know you've been cured from Pepsi. These are the things that you tell your, tell your addiction. Look at you already tried to ruin my liver
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there was a cure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your you've, you know, you're trying to ruin my gallbladder and it's getting fixed right now. I will not allow you to ruin another piece of my body.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's that internal thought process that you do that you tell you know. You tell your addiction when it starts telling you whether store is down the road.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Break bad on it. Tell it shut up and get back in the corner because you're, you know, you're living for for your recovery right now and you're doing something different.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We just remember that whatever you feed grows
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you're feeding. If you're feeding into and you're giving those thoughts of the liquor store down the road, any power, they're going to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then it turns from a trigger to cravings, you know, and then your compulsion could possibly take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you're if you're combating it and you're, you know, over here and you're feeding the soul.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're feeding the soul, your spirit peace with your artwork with good things with learning your history with being present for with your partner and that is what you're feeding them. That's what's going to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: It makes a lot of sense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like what do you want to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or you want to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The repetitive both bullcrap that you just came out of
Quentono W.E. Neal: The first one
Quentono W.E. Neal: Because
Quentono W.E. Neal: The second one wasn't doing it wasn't doing me nothing changes. Just be miserable Miserable every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and destroying your body
Quentono W.E. Neal: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean and not allow you to be present because it can always get 100 times worse. You have to remember that piece, too, is that when we go back into what we're trying to get away from it can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Always get worse.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: See, that's what I don't want to happen. I mean, like, I don't, you know, I want to have to
Quentono W.E. Neal: Get any worse than it was already is already yes so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now you're in a good spot right now. So you just got to keep you know keep doing the deal, he'd be in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: keep focusing focusing on the right things and the positive things in your life.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cuz you got him.
Right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh yeah alright
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So the doctor is going to be a group. This week I think he's supposed to be back. Right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Is it this week. No, it wasn't a next week. Was it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I thought it was this week.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I could be wrong.
Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, I don't know. I don't really know. I thought, I thought I was there. We could, we want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Haven't seen them, you know, around the virtual clinic or anything yet. So I don't know, but
Quentono W.E. Neal: What do you have to go on and therefore, if you don't mind me asking
Where
Quentono W.E. Neal: You break or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He went on vacation, I think, with his family.
Quentono W.E. Neal: At this time,
Quentono W.E. Neal: As
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well, hope he's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We have one daughter that's in quarantine.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Well ready
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She was on that that ship.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The Princess cruise ship and that tried to dock in San Francisco that had like 22 cases of the virus and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even though she doesn't have it, she doesn't have it, they still have quarantine everybody on the ship. And I mean, it's a great spot there at the Air Force Base, it's, you know, she says it's beautiful. And so she's able to work from. From there, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, they'll quarantine year for two weeks, two to two to three weeks is what the quarantine you for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what the day yeah the quarantine the whole
Ship
Quentono W.E. Neal: Was it. Yeah, they did. Well, isn't it, um,
Quentono W.E. Neal: The government trying to bring it back or some shit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I thought it was game I could be wrong. Again, I don't have my facts straight but I thought that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The president came from the President. That said,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're going to quarantine the people on the ship, you know, and keep it contained
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that they've done, you know, a pretty good job of it, even though you know most of them that are in quarantine don't have any symptoms and, you know, Everything's going good. So
Quentono W.E. Neal: All you know what else is crazy too is like is like I was watching a little bit of the TV and uh
Quentono W.E. Neal: Like people are just, they're not taking it seriously. That's crazy like that. They're like, fuck it. You know, I mean like
Quentono W.E. Neal: I mean in you already know, like those type of people, you know, they don't have a belief system because you know if they did, they'd probably be inside, you know. Yeah.
Quentono W.E. Neal: A lot of them not.
Quentono W.E. Neal: I think a lot of them that don't have a belief system or just ignorant. They're the ones out there at the clubs party and, oh yeah, we're not going to give sick, you know, and she like that. So they're the first ones they get it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. So you just gotta again, you know, you know that knowledge is power.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Quentono W.E. Neal: Power
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just if you have any information or want to know any information goes straight to the CDC website and you know the they tell you everything on there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's just a
Quentono W.E. Neal: It's just the CDC to see put CDC.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, CDC website or cdc.com or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Center for Disease Control is what it stands for.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, but it's just CDC and they have it. They have information on how to keep yourself safe, how to clean your house, how to talk to kids how to control your anxiety through it and they have a bunch of information about how to protect yourself.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Right.
Pretty amazing.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right. Oh, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, I'm gonna let you go, and I will see you a group on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, your home. There's no way you. I was like, when I saw you click into my waiting room. It was like two minutes before you were on time early even
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, for one o'clock session. And I was like,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my god there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah suiting up you're showing up your present. You know what I mean, just keep doing what you're doing, you know, okay.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You stay away from that corner store don't feed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't feed your addiction.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Alright.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Cool. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I will see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You on Friday.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Okay, no, no.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, and then you can send me the prescription today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna go in right now. And are you completely out a mess.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Oh, I think a little bit more
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Enough for tomorrow. Oh wait, yeah enough to get
Quentono W.E. Neal: A
Quentono W.E. Neal: I'm pretty sure yeah I think I am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because if you are good enough to you to get to Friday, then
I'm not gonna worry
Quentono W.E. Neal: Too. I think I do. I got enough till Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Oh.
Quentono W.E. Neal: 22468 I got enough till Friday.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, perfect ready
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. Don't just wait till Friday.
Quentono W.E. Neal: OK.
Quentono W.E. Neal: OK. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will see you Friday group.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right.
Quentono W.E. Neal: Thank you. Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye have a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Great couple days.
Quentono W.E. Neal: All right, you too later.
Bye.